# TheHungerGame
efs 2022 do be wild

What outcry have you uttered about my person, you oafish brute? I shall cordially remind you that I was the best scholar in my law class in Oxford, and I have been involved in several frivolous tea parties and courtroom disputes, and I have over 300 boxes of Earl Gray. I am proficient in the Simian school of diplomacy and I am the top linguist in my book club. Know that you resemble nothing in my eyes save for yet another uncultured mind. I will hasten your undisputed expiration from the world with grace and finesse. The thought that you can retreat after jesting of such matters over the internet is laughable. As of this moment, I am telephoning a mutual friend to negotiate a swift and sure rebuttal to your argument so I would implore you to prepare yourself for the upcoming verbal deluge. The deluge that will no doubt saturate your life with discomfort. You are well and truly wrong, my good sir. My abilities of travel are unmatched, and I can recite over 700 lines from Shakespeare, and that is just from Hamlet. The amount of knowledge that I have accrued is vast, and I shall use it to firmly state my authority on such matters, you rapscallion. Truly, I wish you had some semblance of knowledge on the matter you have brought up and its repercussions. Alas, you did not, and now you will suffer a fate most dire, you plebeian. I shall defecate concentrated animosity upon you and you shall struggle to survive in its waters. Pistols at dawn, old boy.

What the procreate did you just fornicating say about me, you little hallion? I’ll have you cognize I graduated most elite in my division in the Navy Seals, and I’ve been enmeshed in multifarious undisclosed incursions on Al-Quaeda, and I have over 300 habituated executions. I am experienced in guerilla campaign and I’m the most qualigied sharpshooter in the full US armed forces. You are nothing to me but just an additional victim. I will obliterate you the copulate out with rigor the likes of which has at no time been seen previously on this macrocosm, indicate my fricking units of language. You assume you can be acquit with saying that fecal matter to me via the Information Superhighway? Acknowledge anew, undesirable person. At the time that we communicate I am influencing my covert organization of operatives crosswise the New World and your Internet Protocol is being pursued immediately so you better bolster for the assault, larval fly. The disturbance that annihilates the deplorable petty existence you refer to as your duration. You’re frigging late, child under the age of 18. I can be omnipresent, at any unspecified point in time, and I can annihilate you in surplus seven centum techniques, and that’s merely with my unequipped metacarpus. Not exclusively am I extensively qualified for hand-to-hand combat, but I have admittance to the total armory of the United States Marine Corps and I will handle it to its absolute breadth to decimate your wrethed derriere off the surface of the large landmass, you minuscule excrement. If only you could have been aware of what unhallowed comeuppance your smol “ingenious” statement was almost to bear downward upon you, perchance you bequest have refrained from unpleasantly speaking. However, you couldn’t, you didn’t, and now you’re reconciling, you accursed tomfool. I will excrete acrimony all over you and you will inundate in it. You’re flipping finite, kiddo.

What the fuck did you just fucking say about me, you little red bitch orb? I'll have you know I graduated top of my class in the gas giants, and I've been involved in numerous secret raids elliptical orbits, and I have over 300 confirmed storms in my might atmostphere. I am the furthest planet in the solar system and I have the largest liquid water oceans in the known universe. You are nothing to me but just another point of light. I will wipe you the divert comets at your with precision the likes of which has never been seen before on Earth or mars, mark my fucking words. You think you can get away with saying that shit to me over the Internet? Think again, fucker. As we speak I am contacting my secret network of moons across the solar system and your orbital path is being traced right now so you better prepare for the apocalypse, maggot. The impact that wipes out the pathetic little thing you call your world. Your fucking dead, kid. I can anywhere, anytime, and I can kill you with a comet over seven miles wide, and that's just with my gravity. Not only am I a large body of mass, but I have access to the entire arsenal of moons and I will use it to its full extent to wipe your miserable ass off the face of the solar system, you little shit. If only you could have known what unholy retribution you little "clever" comment was about to bring down upon you, maybe you would have held your fucking tongue. But you couldn't, you didn't, and now you're paying the price, you goddamn idiot. I will shit fury all over you and you will drown in it. You're fucking dead, kiddo.

What's this you've said to me, my good friend? I'll have you know I graduated top of my class in conflict resolution, and I've been involved in numerous friendly discussions, and I have over 300 confirmed friends. I am trained in polite discussions and I'm the top mediator in the entire neighborhood. You are worth more to me than just another target. I hope we will come to have a friendship never before seen on this Earth. Don't you think you might be hurting someone's feelings saying that over the internet? Think about it, my friend. As we speak I am contacting my good friends across the USA and your P.O. box is being traced right now so you better prepare for the greeting cards, friend. The greeting cards that help you with your hate. You should look forward to it, friend. I can be anywhere, anytime for you, and I can calm you in over seven hundred ways, and that's just with my chess set. Not only am I extensively trained in conflict resolution, but I have access to the entire group of my friends and I will use them to their full extent to start our new friendship. If only you could have known what kindness and love your little comment was about to bring you, maybe you would have reached out sooner. But you couldn't, you didn't, and now we get to start a new friendship, you unique person. I will give you gifts and you might have a hard time keeping up. You're finally living, friend.
